Add flex source potential candidates (#22290)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/flex_logs.md

- **DNS services**
  - Route53, Cloudflare, Akamai (Edge), NS1, etc
- **Firewall logs / Firewall appliances**
  - AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF), Barracuda WAF, pfSense, Checkpoint, Sophos, FortiNet, etc
- **Cloud network services / VPC / Gateways / NAT / WAN**
  - AWS VPC, Direct Connect, PrivateLink, AWS NAT Gateway, Azure Basition, Virtual WAN, etc
- **Loadbalancers**
  - AWS ELB / ALB / NLB (GCP/Azure flavors), F5, Nginx, etc
- **Identity services and tools**
  - Cisco ISE, Okta, OneLogin, Workday User Activity Logs, etc
- **Audit logs**
  - Cloud Provider Audit Logs (e.g. CloudTrail), k8s audit, Microsoft 365 audit, etc
- **Physical network appliances**
  - Cisco, Meraki, Juniper, Arbua, HPE, Palo Alto, Barracuda, etc
- **Network Flow logs**
  - Cisco NetFlow, IPFIX, sFlow, AWS VPC FlowLogs, etc
- **VPN services**
  - AWS/GCP/Azure VPN, Tailscale, Twingate, OpenVPN, ZeroTier, WireGuard, etc
- **CI/CD services and tools**
  - GitLab, GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, Jenkins, CircleCI, TeamCity, AWS CodePieline, etc
- **Service mesh**
  - e.g. Anthos, Istio, proxyv2, consul, Linkerd, Kong, etc
- **Caching**
  - e.g. Varnish, Memcached, Redis, etc

> You can use this spectrum of logs types to help rationalize about when to use the Flex Logs tier. Any high volume, infrequent access, long term retention log sources are good candidates, this includes extending Standard Tier (e.g. application logs) logs into the Flex Tier as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the spectrum of logs types shown in the image to determine when to use the Flex Logs tier. Any high volume, infrequent access, long term retention log sources are good candidates, and this includes extending Standard Tier logs (for example, application logs) into the Flex Tier as well.
```

> You can use the spectrum of logs types shown in the image to determine when to use the Flex Logs tier. Any high volume, infrequent access, long term retention log sources are good candidates, and this includes extending Standard Tier logs (for example, application logs) into the Flex Tier as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the spectrum of log types shown in the image to determine when to use the Flex Logs tier. Any high volume, infrequent access, long term retention log sources are good candidates, and this includes extending Standard Tier logs (for example, application logs) into the Flex Tier as well.
```
